[storage]Add a summary migrationguide for storage sdks. (#19619)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/storage/MigrationGuide.md

# Guide for migrating to v12 storage SDKs from `azure-storage`

> This guide is intended to assist in the migration to version 12 of `@azure/storage-blob`, `@azure/storage-file-share`, `@azure/storage-queue` and `@azure/data-tables` from the legacy `azure-storage` package. It will focus on side-by-side comparisons for similar operations between the two packages.
> 
> Below are links to detailed migration guide for each separating package of different services:

Reviewer: This page is not a guide in itself, so we can cut the part that mentions that

```suggestion
Below are links to detailed guides to migrate from the legacy `azure-storage` package to the latest versions of `@azure/storage-blob`, `@azure/storage-file-share`, `@azure/storage-queue` and `@azure/data-tables`.
```
